ChatGPT Compliance Source - GA (#5821)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2025-09-22-collection.md

---
title: ChatGPT Compliance Source (Collection)
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - c2c
  - chatgpt-compliance-source
hide_table_of_contents: true    
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> We're excited to announce the release of our new cloud-to-cloud source for ChatGPT Compliance. This source aims to collect the conversation logs from the ChatGPT Compliance platform and send them to Sumo Logic for streamlined analysis. [Learn more](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/chatgpt-compliance-source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce the release of our new cloud-to-cloud source for ChatGPT Compliance. This source securely collects conversation logs from the ChatGPT Compliance platform and sends them to Sumo Logic for streamlined analysis. [Learn more](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/chatgpt-compliance-source).
```
